Add merged objects section to getting started docs (#230)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/getting_started.md

```

### Analyses with merged objects

Merged object can facilitate joint analysis on multiple samples at the same time.
Specifically, merged objects are useful for comparing _gene-level metrics_ among different samples.

Some examples of analyses you can perform with a merged object include the following:

- Differential expression analysis
  - [Differential expression analysis chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.multisample/multi-sample-comparisons.html)
  - [Differential gene expression analysis chapter in Single-cell Best Practices](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/conditions/differential_gene_expression.html)
  - [10x resource: Differential gene expression analysis in scRNA-seq data between conditions with biological replicates](https://www.10xgenomics.com/resources/analysis-guides/differential-gene-expression-analysis-in-scrna-seq-data-between-conditions-with-biological-replicates)
- Gene-set enrichment analysis
  - [Gene set enrichment and pathway analysis chapter in Single-cell Best Practices](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/conditions/gsea_pathway.html)

> By contrast, analyses which compare _cell-level metrics_ among different samples require an **integrated/batch-corrected** object.

Reviewer: Hmmm "require" might be a strong word. I think we should say that if you want to decrease batch effects then it's recommended to integrate? 
```suggestion
By contrast, it is recommended to control for batch effects when performing analyses that compare _cell-level metrics_ among different samples. 
In order to do this, a **integrated/batch-corrected** object should be created.
```

- [Assigning cell types with `SingleR`](https://bioconductor.org/books/release/SingleRBook/)
- [Cell type assignment chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.advanced/cell-cycle-assignment.html)

## Working with a merged ScPCA object

> Merged ScPCA objects contain all information present in `processed` objects for a given ScPCA project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merged ScPCA objects contain all information found in `processed` objects for all individual libraries that compile a given ScPCA project.
```

For more information on how these objects were prepared, see {ref}`the section on merged object preparation<processing_information:merged objects`.

Merged object can facilitate joint analysis on multiple samples at the same time, for example to perform [differential expression analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.16/OSCA.multisample/multi-sample-comparisons.html) or integration (i.e., batch correction).
**However, please be aware that data in merged objects has not been integrated/batch-corrected.**

> If you are interested in performing integration, we recommend consulting with the following resources:

Reviewer: I think I would expand on this and seprately mention things you can do with merged objects vs. integration. So I would first talk about why you would want to use a merged object - differential expression analysis or any analysis where you are comparing gene level metrics between samples. I would even provide some links to example analyses. 

Then, I would mention that there are other types of analysis that require integration and that we do not perform integration. I would specifically mention that anything where you are comparing cell level metrics (clusters) may need to account for batch correction.

Author: >  I would even provide some links to example analyses.

Are you thinking, for example, actual papers which have performed the analyses? Or more general resources about those sorts of analyses?

Author: Took a first stab here, let me know what you think! Heading in the right direction?
https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/pull/230/commits/1d45d8026a8e0630d07500458eae10dbcd85b1ba

Specifically, merged objects are useful for comparing _gene-level metrics_ among different samples.

Some examples of analyses you can perform with a merged object include the following:

- Differential expression analysis
  - [Differential expression analysis chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.multisample/multi-sample-comparisons.html)
  - [Differential gene expression analysis chapter in Single-cell Best Practices](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/conditions/differential_gene_expression.html)
  - [10x resource: Differential gene expression analysis in scRNA-seq data between conditions with biological replicates](https://www.10xgenomics.com/resources/analysis-guides/differential-gene-expression-analysis-in-scrna-seq-data-between-conditions-with-biological-replicates)
- Gene-set enrichment analysis
  - [Gene set enrichment and pathway analysis chapter in Single-cell Best Practices](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/conditions/gsea_pathway.html)

By contrast, analyses which compare _cell-level metrics_ among different samples require an **integrated/batch-corrected** object.

> These types of analyses include, for example, [differential cell abundance](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.multisample/differential-abundance.html) or [differential cell composition analysis](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/conditions/compositional.html).

Reviewer: I'm torn on if we want to mention clustering. Specifically, that clusters should be re-computed after merging. But we also don't provide clusters on the merged object, so maybe it's not worth mentioning. You decide!

Author: > You decide!

Oh no this is a hard one to decide on 😂 , maybe I'll bring it up in pre-planning...

The merged object provided in the ScPCA Portal has _not_ been integrated, so you will need to integrate your samples of interest to remove technical batch effects before proceeding.
We recommend consulting with the following resources before performing integration:

- [Correcting batch effects chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.multisample/integrating-datasets.html)
- [Correction diagnostics chapter in Orchestrating Single Cell Analysis](https://bioconductor.org/books/3.17/OSCA.multisample/correction-diagnostics.html)
- [Integration chapter in Single-cell Best Practices](https://www.sc-best-practices.org/cellular_structure/integration.html)
- [Luecken _et al._ (2021) Benchmarking atlas-level data integration in single-cell genomics](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-021-01336-8)

### Subsetting libraries in the merged object

> You may wish to only work with a subset of libraries present in the merged object.

Reviewer: I think we should mention that there is metadata in the object that could be useful to subsetting. For example, if you want to look at all samples of a specific diagnosis, tissue type, etc then you could use those columns to subset.

Author: Great idea!
